README.md, before:

# Hotel Website Builder POC

This proof of concept demonstrates a very simple hotel website generator. A FastAPI backend accepts a text description and uses OpenAI to provide short text snippets which are inserted into a reusable HTML template. Generated websites are stored locally and can be viewed through the interface.

## Requirements

- Python 3.10+
- openai>=1.0.0
- An OpenAI API key (set `OPENAI_API_KEY` environment variable)

## Setup

1. Install Python dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r backend/requirements.txt
   ```
2. Run the development server:
   ```bash
   uvicorn backend.main:app --reload
   ```
3. Open `http://localhost:8085` in your browser.

Generated sites are saved in the `generated_sites/` folder. A minimal Bootstrap CSS file is included in `static/` for offline use. Images referenced by the generated pages live in the `assets/` directory, served at `/assets`. The HTML layout lives in `templates/hotel.html`; OpenAI only supplies the text content inserted into that template.
OpenAI now returns text for many sections such as feature cards and benefits which populate this template.

OPENAI_API_KEY=your-key-here uvicorn backend.main:app --reload

Commit message:

docs: note hero image size

README.md, after:

# Hotel Website Builder POC

This proof of concept demonstrates a very simple hotel website generator. A FastAPI backend accepts a text description and uses OpenAI to provide short text snippets which are inserted into a reusable HTML template. Generated websites are stored locally and can be viewed through the interface.

## Requirements

- Python 3.10+
- openai>=1.0.0
- An OpenAI API key (set `OPENAI_API_KEY` environment variable)

## Setup

1. Install Python dependencies:
   ```bash
   pip install -r backend/requirements.txt
   ```
2. Run the development server:
   ```bash
   uvicorn backend.main:app --reload
   ```
3. Open `http://localhost:8085` in your browser.

Generated sites are saved in the `generated_sites/` folder. A minimal Bootstrap CSS file is included in `static/` for offline use. Images referenced by the generated pages live in the `assets/` directory, served at `/assets`. The HTML layout lives in `templates/hotel.html`; OpenAI only supplies the text content inserted into that template.
OpenAI now returns text for many sections such as feature cards and benefits which populate this template.

### Hero Images

When selecting a hero image for a site, choose a file that is at least **300 KB**. Images smaller than this may appear grainy when used full width.

OPENAI_API_KEY=your-key-here uvicorn backend.main:app --reload
